A lot of the time in code you have to point at some stuff that's over there.
One of the reasons is that you don't want to move the stuff around all the time,
so you sent what is either called a pointer or reference or what they're.
In C++, a pointer and a reference are roughly the
same except that it's easier to use a reference,
you don't have to say,
"Go in there and get it",
you just use it.
It's like a reference in many other languages like Java or such,
and furthermore a reference cannot be made to refer to a different object.
If I want to give you a reference to an object and if you're on a reference,
and you can now use my object but you can't make your reference point
to other objects of mine which you could with a pointer,
which comes from C and well in hardware,
if you have an address in some place you can give its pointer you don't know the address.
So that is good for low-level hardware and it's bad for the higher levels.
Reference only refers to one thing and that's it.,